AI usage journal 
Pranav Rishi
prishi@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 0201

Week 1
This week we were assigned 30 python exercises and I will not lie, I did use AI to help me out at times.
The LLM I used was Chat GPT. While completing this assignment I focused heavily on completing the assignment with my own knowledge 
and I used the core concepts sheet as well to help me out. I mainly used AI to check my answers to make sure my solution was on track
or correct. I would try to attempt the coding problem then copy my attempt into chat gpt and ask if it was correct. Additionally, some problems
such as problem 14 and 15, I was really stuck on and asked chat gpt for the answer. However, instead of just taking the answer I tried to learn how
the LLM solved so, I can improve my knowledge on the topic.

Week 2
This week, me and my group used AI to help brainstorm what we are building with are project. Chat gpt give us a list of ideas and we expanded on the broad topic it
provided and used it to help generate ideas for the project in general. I also used AI for the week 2 exercises. I primarly used AI to help me make sure my solution is correct, however I felt stuck on some problems so I asked for the answer sometimes but I reread the code so I can understand how it got the answer.

Week 3
This week, I used Chat GPT as tool to help me with the week  3 exercises. For exercises that I was stuck on I would ask the LLM for help and give me a step by step 
explanation to help me understand the code. Other than that I would use AI to make sure my answers are correct or on the right track.

Week 4
This week, similarly to the last couple of weeks I used AI to help me complete these exercises. I found these exercises a lot easier as I was familar with classes as 
I learned them in Java however some exercises like exercise 19 I used AI to solve it and it read the code to understand it. Though overall, I just used AI to check to make sure my code was correct. During discussion, me and my team also used AI to help brainstorm some function types but overall we tried to limit are AI usage for that part.

Week 5
This week me and my group members used AI in discussion to help with project 1. For the documentation portion of the functionss, 
it was pretty simple and we did not need much AI help, however, for the developing portion of the functions we needed some AI assitance or atleast I did to help me gain a better understanding of how to structure the code. 
I also like previous weeks used AI to help me with exercises I was stuck on, and I used it to help check my work.

Week 6
This week similarly to every other week, I used AI to help make sure I am on the right track. If I am having trouble with certain exercises, I ask it to guide me and if I am stuck on some I just try to use AI to help me, by giving me like a step by step on how it got the answer. Additionally, me and my group have been using AI to help brainstorm ideas for Project 2. 

Week 7
This week I used AI to help make sure I was on the right track once again. Like almost every week I needed it to solve some exercises that I found difficult. Me and my group
also used AI to help structure are classes as i found some difficulty in doing so; however, I feel I did well with its support. 

Week 8
This Week I used AI to help me with the exercises. This week I felt I took longer than usual on the exercises due to the complexity of some problems such as 15 and 16.
I felt completly stuck on those two so, I did use AI for those; however, I tried to understand those better so I can improve on future questions. For the rest though, I basically used AI to make sure I did it correctly and use it to make sure I can fix any mistakes I made. 

Week 9
This week me and my group used AI to help brainstorm ideas for project 3. Additionally, I used AI to ensure I did the exercises correctly and for some questions such as 20 and 14 I used AI for help as I was stuck and needed assitance in order to help me understand the problem. Other than that, I limited the AI use.

Week 10
This week me and my group is using AI to help us with how we are going to structure our code for project 3. Compared to other projects we have done so far, project 3 seems
like the most work hence why we are using a little more AI than previously. Additionally, just as previous weeks I am using for exercises to help me understand the code and 
to help me ensure that the code is correct. 

Week 12
This week me and my group used AI to help brainstorm ideas in order to deliver the final project. As we are wrapping everything up, we are making sure to include everything that we need and we use AI as a criteria checker in order to make sure we have included everything within our project. Another than that AI was not really used as there were no other assignments.
